#summary The following websites use the plugin in one way or another.

= mobiledevelopersolutions.com =

Tutorial using plugin for Android mobile web app with PhoneGap / Android: Route Finder with dynamic location updates. Source code and demo video
[http://www.mobiledevelopersolutions.com/home/start/twominutetutorials/tmt4part1 here].

= Mapusers.com =
Mapusers is a geolocation service currently under construction to socialize and share your favourite locations all across the globe.
<br>
[http://mapusers.com Mapusers - a site to explore and discover places all around the world]

= barebones.ca =
Displays event information for Vancouver Sprint Camp.
<br>
[http://www.barebones.ca/myO Vancouver Spring Camp event information]

= Event-O-Matic =
Wordpress plugin. Manage submissions to build a community-driven event listing. Allow users to submit events that you can easily review and moderate.
[http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/event-o-matic/ Event-O-Matic wordpress plugin]
----

Found these three by a Google search for my name. I guess it picked up on the DC.creator meta tag.

== http://www.marylandmanagement.com ([http://www.marylandmanagement.com/mobi2/ link])==
== http://www.ipolistonkosmo.gr ([http://www.ipolistonkosmo.gr/getdirection.php?lat=40.249279&lng=23.694738&venue=%CE%9A%CE%B1%CF%84%CE%B1%CF%83%CE%BA%CE%AE%CE%BD%CF%89%CF%83%CE%B7+`%CE%86%CE%B3%CE%B9%CE%BF%CF%82+%CE%9D%CE%B9%CE%BA%CF%8C%CE%BB%CE%B1%CE%BF%CF%82` link]) ==
== http://www.stmatthewumc.net ([http://www.stmatthewumc.net/mobile/map.php link]) ==
----

Feel free to post a comment with a link, description and image if you have a website using the jQuery UI Google maps plugin.